so as a ZA leader. And I know of somebody who's at a high suicide risk
and has access to weapons is unfortunately, if it's your own personal
weapons, I'm gonna ask them permission to restore them on. I'm not
gonna It's not gonna be not attribute. Ally. Don't have toe not gonna
be punished. But just while they're doing with their circumstances,
if if they have a friend or even a family member, that can keep
those weapons from them. And sometimes it's not guns. Sometimes it's
it's medication or other things. And so to be able to remove that temptation
from that individual is critical. Now, if it's a duty status
thing and that individual is on suicide watch, they will not be in
a position to carry a weapon on this ship or to be in a place to damage
themselves. So we have to take those considerations and always
underpinning it with that. They're not being punished, that we're doing
it because we care for them and we want them to get past that.
And once they're past that to bail to reinstate those privileges